bella italia in the heart of wunsiedel
since 2008 pasquale dpa charms her in
his trattoria mum pinks the palate
of the guests
in the second and third floor above the
restaurant is now brand new too
still overnight accommodations in the
Albergo Mama Rosa offer nine fresh
renovated rooms with a total of 20
bed the possibility for one or
to stay in Wunsiedel for several days
double room but also 1 3 bet and a
Quadruple rooms each with their own bathroom
are available for guests
the rooms are equipped with high quality
and can be seen
noble marginal italian furniture
textiles and accessories spray in
the albergo mama rosa mediterranean flair
during a night at the mama rosa
is the breakfast buffet in the
Trattoria on the ground floor included
there pasquale di blasi can not be
rags in the trattoria mum pink gives
It's the classic Italian cuisine too
eat delicious antipasti fish
and meat dishes and of course pizza
and pasta, of course, everything too
take away 50 seats in the
inside area and again 60 on the
sun terrace are available for the guests
disposal
more information about the trattoria
and the albergo mama rosa you will find
facebook or on the internet at www mama
pink dot or you look
personally over in the wide street 7
in wunsiedel